BOLT-03: make sats portion of HTLC CLTV tie-breaker more explicit (#872)
lightningnetwork/lightning-rfc: 03-transactions.md

## Transaction Input and Output Ordering

> Lexicographic ordering: see [BIP69](https://github.com/bitcoin/bips/blob/master/bip-0069.mediawiki).  In the case of identical HTLC outputs (amount of satoshis as well are the script are the same), the outputs are ordered in increasing `cltv_expiry` order.

Reviewer: nit: as well as

## Rationale

> Two offered HTLCs which have the same `amount` and `payment_hash`

Reviewer: perhaps specify “(rounded) `amount`”?

Reviewer: or "`amount` (rounded from `amount_msat`)"

## Transaction Input and Output Ordering

> Lexicographic ordering: see [BIP69](https://github.com/bitcoin/bips/blob/master/bip-0069.mediawiki).  In the case of identical HTLC outputs (amount of satoshis as well as the script are the same), the outputs are ordered in increasing `cltv_expiry` order.

Reviewer 2: Can we drop the BIP 69 reference entirely now?

Author: Why? Things are still based off BIP 69 (sorting inputs and outputs), the only thing we add additionally is the CLTV tie-breaker.

Reviewer 2: Because the "just link BIP 69 and that answers the question" bit has bitten us...3 times now? If we have to write out the details then we probably wouldn't have missed these to begin with.

Reviewer 2: Plus it kinda reads as an endorsement of BIP 69, which we *really* want to avoid doing.

> Lexicographic ordering: see [BIP69](https://github.com/bitcoin/bips/blob/master/bip-0069.mediawiki).  In the case of identical HTLC outputs (amount of satoshis as well as the script are the same), the outputs are ordered in increasing `cltv_expiry` order.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Outputs are ordered first according to their value (in whole satoshis, note that for HTLC outputs, the millisatoshi part must be ignored), followed by script_pubkey, comparing the common-length prefix lexographically as if by `memcmp`, then selecting the shorter script (if they differ). Finally, for HTLC outputs the outputs are ordered in increasing `cltv_expiry` order.
```

Reviewer 3: Ack!
